feat: allow changing default command timeout (#2283)
starship/starship: CONTRIBUTING.md

## External commands

To run a external command (e.g. to get the version of a tool) and to allow for mocking use the `context.exec_cmd` function. Here's a quick example:

```rust
use super::{Context, Module, RootModuleConfig};

use crate::configs::php::PhpConfig;
use crate::formatter::StringFormatter;

pub fn module<'a>(context: &'a Context) -> Option<Module<'a>> {

>    // Here `my_env_var` will be either the stdout of the called command or the function

Reviewer: Not a blocker but worth updating this while we are editing this file
```suggestion
   // Here `output` will be either the stdout of the called command or the function
```
